docs/description.md, before:

<!-- BANNER -->

Uses **intermittent reinforcement** with **cute puppies** to encourage card review streaks.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/glutanimate/puppy-reinforcement/master/screenshots/reviewer.gif)

### Usage

The following video is a bit outdated, but it does go over the use and configuration of Puppy Reinforcement (including a number of other add-ons that help gamify Anki):

[![YouTube: Anki add-on guide: Gamify Your Reviews](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/UkveLkAgXiM/mqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/UkveLkAgXiM)

### Features

- The puppies are spread intermittently through your reviews. By default they will appear around every 10 cards (some take longer than others). You can customize this by editing the add-on.
- Customizable encouragement messages that change based on the card tally
- You can add your own images (see below!)
- Super customizable in all respects you can imagine (frequency, duration, tooltip size, position, color, etc.)

<!-- CHANGELOG -->

### Configuration

You can customize Puppy Reinforcement by heading to *Tools* → *Add-ons* , selecting *Puppy Reinforcement*, and then clicking on *Config*. Please note that you might have to restart Anki for some of the options to apply.

**Adding custom images**

You can add your own images to the add-on by heading to Tools → Add-ons, select "Puppy Reinforcement", and then click on "View Files". A file manager window should pop up and in the list of files and  folders you should see a "user_files" folder. Please place your custom images into that folder and then restart Anki. You should now be able to see your custom images (alongside the default images) during your reviews.

If you want to completely disable the default images you can do so by heading to Tools → Add-ons, select "Puppy Reinforcement", and then click on "Config". In the configuration window, find the "disable_default_images" option and set it to "true". Then restart Anki.

Please note that only files placed in the "user_files" directory will persist across add-on updates. If you modify the default "images" directory which is next to it, your changes will be overwritten the next time you update Puppy Reinforcement.

**Enabling puppies for adding cards**

You can enable the add-on for adding cards by heading to the add-on's configuration window (under Tools → Add-ons → Puppy Reinforcement → Config"), and then changing "count_adding" from "false" to "true". The changes will apply after restarting Anki.

<!-- SUPPORT -->

### Credits And License

*Copyright © 2015 [mbertolacci](https://github.com/mbertolacci)*
*Copyright © 2016-2023 [Aristotelis P.](https://glutanimate.com/)  (Glutanimate)*

With code contributions from: zjosua

This add-on is based on [Show Cute Dogs](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1125592690) by Michael Bertolacci. All credit for the original idea goes to him!

Licensed under the _GNU AGPLv3_, extended by a number of additional terms. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. For more information on the license please see the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/glutanimate/puppy-reinforcement/blob/master/LICENSE) accompanying this add-on. The source code is available on [![GitHub icon](https://glutanimate.com/logos/github.svg) GitHub](https://github.com/glutanimate/puppy-reinforcement). Pull requests and other contributions are welcome!

<!-- RESOURCES -->

<!-- FUNDING -->

Commit message:

Initial commit of Ankitty
Signed-off-by: Marvin A. Ruder <signed@mruder.dev>

docs/description.md, after:

<!-- BANNER -->

Uses **intermittent reinforcement** with **cute kittens** to encourage card review streaks.

### Features

- The kittens are spread intermittently through your reviews. By default they will appear around every 10 cards (some take longer than others). You can customize this by editing the add-on.
- Customizable encouragement messages that change based on the card tally
- You can add your own images (see below!)
- Super customizable in all respects you can imagine (frequency, duration, tooltip size, position, color, etc.)

### Configuration

You can customize Ankitty by heading to *Tools* → *Add-ons* , selecting *Ankitty*, and then clicking on *Config*. Please note that you might have to restart Anki for some of the options to apply.

**Adding custom images**

You can add your own images to the add-on by heading to Tools → Add-ons, select "Ankitty", and then click on "View Files". A file manager window should pop up and in the list of files and  folders you should see a "user_files" folder. Please place your custom images into that folder and then restart Anki. You should now be able to see your custom images (alongside the default images) during your reviews.

If you want to completely disable the default images you can do so by heading to Tools → Add-ons, select "Ankitty", and then click on "Config". In the configuration window, find the "disable_default_images" option and set it to "true". Then restart Anki.

Please note that only files placed in the "user_files" directory will persist across add-on updates. If you modify the default "images" directory which is next to it, your changes will be overwritten the next time you update Ankitty.

**Enabling kittens for adding cards**

You can enable the add-on for adding cards by heading to the add-on's configuration window (under Tools → Add-ons → Ankitty → Config"), and then changing "count_adding" from "false" to "true". The changes will apply after restarting Anki.

<!-- SUPPORT -->

### Credits And License

*Copyright © 2015 [mbertolacci](https://github.com/mbertolacci)*
*Copyright © 2016-2023 [Aristotelis P.](https://glutanimate.com/)  (Glutanimate)*
*Copyright © 2024 [Marvin A. Ruder](https://github.com/marvinruder)  (marvinruder)*

With code contributions from: zjosua

This add-on is based on [Puppy Reinforcement](https://github.com/glutanimate/puppy-reinforcement) by Glutanimate, which itself is based on [Show Cute Dogs](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1125592690) by Michael Bertolacci. All credit for the original idea goes to them!

Licensed under the _GNU AGPLv3_, extended by a number of additional terms. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. For more information on the license please see the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/marvinruder/ankitty/blob/main/LICENSE) accompanying this add-on. The source code is available on [![GitHub icon](https://glutanimate.com/logos/github.svg) GitHub](https://github.com/marvinruder/ankitty). Pull requests and other contributions are welcome!

<!-- RESOURCES -->

<!-- FUNDING -->
